Add missing `ReanimatedSwipeable` documentation (#3150)
software-mansion/react-native-gesture-handler: docs/docs/components/reanimated_swipeable.md

a function that is called when `swipeable` starts animating on close.
Receives swipe direction as an argument.

### `onSwipeableOpenStartDrag`

> a function that is called when `swipeable` starts being dragged open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a function that is called when a user starts to drag the `swipable` to open.
```

Author: fixed in [665da69](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-gesture-handler/pull/3150/commits/665da69375e5e4e3e7ce11262e07fc2d8cec92e9)

Receives swipe direction as an argument.

### `onSwipeableCloseStartDrag`

> a function that is called when `swipeable` starts being dragged close.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a function that is called when a user starts to drag the `swipable` to close.
```

Author: fixed in [665da69](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-gesture-handler/pull/3150/commits/665da69375e5e4e3e7ce11262e07fc2d8cec92e9)
